ftp 是一个因特网标准文件传输协议的用户接口，它允许你通远程链接上传或下载文件。
  
下面是ftp的一些命令行选项：  
-p    Use passive mode for data transfers. Allows use of ftp in environments where a firewall prevents con-
      nections from the outside world back to the client machine. Requires that the ftp server support the
      PASV command. This is the default now for all clients (ftp and pftp) due to security concerns using
      the PORT transfer mode.  The flag is kept for compatibility only and has no effect anymore.
  
      使用被动模式传输数据。当防火墙阻止外部环境链接客户端机器的时候，可以使用ftp传输数据。要求ftp服务器支持PASV命令。
      由于使用端口传输模式的安全问题，现在所有的客户端都默认使用这个模式。这个参数被兼容了，没有任何影响。
    
-i    Turns off interactive prompting during multiple file transfers.
      
      在多文件传输过程中，关闭交互提示
      
-n    Restrains ftp from attempting "auto-login" upon initial connection.  If auto-login is enabled, ftp
      will check the .netrc (see netrc(5)) file in the user's home directory for an entry describing an
      account on the remote machine.  If no entry exists, ftp will prompt for the remote machine login name
      (default is the user identity on the local machine), and, if necessary, prompt for a password and an
      account with which to login.
      
      在初始化连接的过程中，禁止ftp自动登录连接。如果自动连接被开启，ftp会在用户的根目录下面使用.netrc 文件
      的连接信息去连接远程主机。如果这个连接信息不存在，ftp会提示远程主机输入用户名(默认是本地服务器的用户认证)，
      如果有必要，还会提示用户输入密码去登录。

-e    Disables command editing and history support, if it was compiled into the ftp executable. Otherwise,
      does nothing.
      
      如果被编译成一个ftp的可执行命令，禁止命令行的编辑和历史命令查看。否则什么也不做。

-g    Disables file name globbing.
      
      禁止使用文件名通配符
      
-m    The default requires that ftp explicitly binds to the same interface for the data channel as the 
      control channel in passive mode. Useful on multi-homed clients. This option disables this behavior.
      
      默认请求一个ftp的确定的端口对于相同的接口（待定）
      
      
-v  Verbose option forces ftp to show all responses from the remote server, as well as report on data
    transfer statistics.

    冗长的选择强迫 ftp 显示远程服务器所有的响应和返回所有的传输数据

-d  Enables debugging.
    可以调试
    
    The client host with which ftp is to communicate may be specified on the command line.  If this is done,
    ftp will immediately attempt to establish a connection to an FTP server on that host; otherwise, ftp will
    enter its command interpreter and await instructions from the user.  When ftp is awaiting commands from the
    user the prompt 'ftp>' is provided to the user.  The following commands are recognized by ftp:
    
    ftp传输的客户端主机需要在命令行指定。如果已经指定主机，ftp会快速的这个主机建立连接，否则，ftp会运行一个命令行程序，
    等待用户的指令。命令行会显示 "ftp>" ，提示用户ftp正在等待。下面是ftp可以识别的命令：
    
  ! [command [args]]
      Invoke an interactive shell on the local machine.  If there are arguments, the first is taken
      to be a command to execute directly, with the rest of the arguments as its arguments.
      
      在当前服务器上面请求一个交互式的shell。
      如果有参数，第一个参数是一个直接执行的命令，剩下的参数用来给第一个参数命令使用
  $ macro-name [args]
    Execute the macro macro-name that was defined with the macdef command.  Arguments are passed to the macro unglobbed.
  
    执行一个名称为 "mcro-name"的已经进行了宏定义的宏。所有的参数都被传递给这个宏
 
  account [passwd]
    Supply a supplemental password required by a remote system for access to resources once a login
    has been successfully completed.  If no argument is included, the user will be prompted for an
    account password in a non-echoing input mode.

  append local-file [remote-file]
    Append a local file to a file on the remote machine.  If remote-file is left unspecified, the
    local file name is used in naming the remote file after being altered by any ntrans or nmap
    setting.  File transfer uses the current settings for type, format, mode, and structure.

     ascii       Set the file transfer type to network ASCII.  This is the default type.

     bell        Arrange that a bell be sounded after each file transfer command is completed.

     binary      Set the file transfer type to support binary image transfer.

     bye         Terminate the FTP session with the remote server and exit ftp.  An end of file will also termi-
                 nate the session and exit.

     case        Toggle remote computer file name case mapping during mget commands.  When case is on (default
                 is off), remote computer file names with all letters in upper case are written in the local
                 directory with the letters mapped to lower case.

     cd remote-directory
                 Change the working directory on the remote machine to remote-directory.

     cdup        Change the remote machine working directory to the parent of the current remote machine working
                 directory.

     chmod mode file-name

   
    
    
    

